Task Overview

This project currently runs correctly in production using precompiled artifacts located in the dist/ directory. However, the frontend and backend source code required to rebuild or develop the application is missing or incomplete, which has broken the development workflow. The objective of this task is to restore a fully portable, source-based build and development setup while preserving the existing production behavior.

Use the least usage credit possible and prioritize direct implementation over exploration. Do not speculate, reverse-engineer, or attempt to recover original source logic from bundled files. Treat the dist/ directory strictly as a runtime reference for behavior, routing, and build outputs — not as source material.

Frontend Reality Acknowledgement (Important)

The original frontend source code does not exist. Only prebuilt assets (index.html, JS bundle, CSS) are present under dist/public/. The original React application cannot be rebuilt.

Therefore, your task is not to recover the original UI. Instead, you must create a new, clean React + Vite frontend source that:

Compiles correctly

Runs in development mode

Builds into static assets

Is served by the backend in production

Can gradually replace the prebuilt UI going forward

UI parity is not required. Functional correctness and portability are the priority.

Frontend Source Reconstruction

Create a complete Vite + React + TypeScript frontend under the client/ directory.

You must create all missing entry and core files, including but not limited to:

client/index.html

client/src/main.tsx

client/src/App.tsx

You may reuse or integrate any existing code found under:

client/src/components

client/src/hooks

client/src/lib

However, assume these files are incomplete and do not rely on them for application structure. Build a minimal but valid React application shell that renders successfully and can communicate with the backend.

Ensure the frontend builds to client/dist using standard Vite behavior.

Backend Source Stabilization

The current production server runs from dist/index.cjs, which is a bundled artifact whose original source no longer exists. You must create or complete a clean TypeScript backend under the server/ directory that replaces this dependency for future development and builds.

The backend must:

Use Express (or the framework already implied)

Bind to 0.0.0.0

Respect the PORT environment variable (default 5000)

Serve static files from client/dist in production

Expose a basic root route (/) so Cannot GET / no longer occurs

Do not delete dist/index.cjs. Instead, ensure future workflows do not depend on it.

Script and Workflow Repair (Critical)

Fix package.json so all scripts are real, valid, and portable. Remove or replace broken references such as script/build.ts.

After your changes, the following must be true:

npm run dev
Starts backend and frontend from source (concurrently or via proxy).

npm run build
Builds the frontend into client/dist and compiles the backend.

npm run start
Runs the compiled backend serving the built frontend.

No script may depend on missing files or prebundled artifacts.

Environment Configuration

Create a .env file containing placeholders for all required environment variables, including but not limited to:

Database URLs

Session secrets

Cloud storage credentials

Third-party API keys

Frontend API base URLs

All configuration must use standard Node.js and Vite mechanisms. Do not rely on Replit-specific variables, auto-injection, or secrets tooling.

Constraints

Do not reverse-engineer bundled JS or CSS

Do not attempt UI recovery from dist/

Do not introduce unnecessary dependencies

Do not refactor unrelated files

Do not over-optimize or redesign the app

Focus strictly on restoring portability, rebuildability, and developer control.

Verification Requirements

Before completion, ensure the following commands work on a clean Node.js 18+ environment:

npm install

npm run dev

npm run build

npm run start

The application must start without relying on Replit-specific runtime behavior.